0.  An invented long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.
1.  It takes in 2 arguments RUSAGE_SELF and before or after. before or after are of type struct rusage.
    RUSAGE_SELF tells getrusage to fill the second argument with information about the resources used by the current process.
2. 16.
3. By passing reference instead of value, calculate() will be handling the latest variable data.
4. It first checks for the right number of arguments, calls getrusage() and calculate() to measure load times before and after.
   If there is no specified dictionary file passed in the argument, it loads the default file specified in #define DICTIONARY.
   It then creates a string array word, set to the length in the #define statement plus one char for the \0 byte.
   The for loop reads the file one character at a time, until reaching end of file. For each char, the loop checks
   if the char is alphanumeric or an apostrophe, it updates the index and moves on to the next letter. The loop also
   checks if the char is a number and if so ignores it. If the loop reaches '\0' and the index is still smaller than
   the length of the longest word plus one extra byte, and it did not contain any numbers, the loop assumes it is a real word,
   updates the variable containing the number of words, calls getrusage() again and executes the misspelled function.
   If misspelled returns true, the for loop prints the misspelled word, updates the benchmark variable containing the number of
   misspelled words found, and sets the index back to 0 and returns to the start of the loop for the next word.
5.  fscanf reads in fromatted strings, whilst fgetc can read one character in at a time. fscanf can cause problems since we don't
    know if we are dealing with correctly formatted strings (e.g. we can read a whole string that contains numbers), whilst with
    fscanf we ensure that each char read is valid.
6. By using const pointer, if accidentally tried changing the value it points to, the compiler would give a warning.
   Moreover, the words from the text and the dictionary are not supposed to be changed in this solution.
